Service-level agreements (#2452)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/service-terms/releases.md

* Maintenance for each annual release ends three months after the next annual release becomes generally available (End of Maintenance, or EOM).
* After EOM, support will continue for up to three additional months (End of Sustained Support, or EOSS); however, no further fixes will be issued during this period. Customers are expected to complete upgrades within this timeframe and will receive dedicated support to facilitate this process.

Additional considerations:
* Bug fixes for annual releases under maintenance are deployed manually, not automatically, allowing for more controlled updates.
* Due to the accumulated changes in each annual release, these upgrades may take longer to complete and present a potentially higher risk compared to the continuous deployment model.

![Annual upgrade process](../../images/service-terms/annualrelease.png)

### Frequently asked questions (FAQ)

#### Can I check when a particular change is available in my tenant?

> Due to the staged upgrade process for {{< product-c8y-iot >}} instances, this is currently not generally possible. The change log indicates the time when a change is made available on the first deployment to eu-latest.cumulocity.com only.

Reviewer: Should we mention that this refers to CD? In the yearly releases this is a bit different as you can see the built artifact/version in the release notes.

Author: Good one, added.

#### Can I receive notifications when something is deployed?

> You can subscribe to updates on the status page of your cloud instance (e.g., [status.cumulocity.com](https://status.cumulocity.com/)), which includes announcements for scheduled maintenance and other important updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can subscribe to updates on the status page of your cloud instance (for example, [status.cumulocity.com](https://status.cumulocity.com/)), which includes announcements for scheduled maintenance and other important updates.
```

#### Can I select specific changes to be applied to my tenant?

Individual changes cannot be selectively applied; all published changes are rolled out to all instances according to the selected deployment model (continuous or annual).

#### Can I request a rollback of changes?

> {{< company-c8y >}} manages rollbacks automatically if issues are detected in production environments. If you encounter any issues, please contact support for assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< company-c8y >}} manages rollbacks automatically if issues are detected in production environments. If you encounter any issues, please contact [Cumulocity support](/additional-resources/contacting-support/) for assistance.
```
